remove https in the example (#51)
ietf-wg-dnsop/draft-ietf-dnsop-structured-dns-error: draft-ietf-dnsop-structured-dns-error.md

c: (contact)
: The contact details of the IT/InfoSec team to report mis-classified
DNS filtering. This information is important for transparency and also to ease unblocking a legitimate domain name that got blocked due to wrong classification.

> : This field is structured as an array of contact URIs, using 'tel' {{!RFC3966}} or 'sips' {{!RFC5630}} or  'mailto' {{!RFC3966}} schemes. At least one contact URI MUST be included. New contact URI schemes can be added to the IANA registry introduced in {{IANA-Contact}}.

Author: ```suggestion
: This field is structured as an array of contact URIs, using 'tel' {{!RFC3966}} or 'sips' {{!RFC5630}} or  'mailto' {{!RFC3966}} schemes. At least one contact URI MUST be included.

: New contact URI schemes may be added to the IANA registry following the instructions in {{IANA-Contact}}.
```

: The contact details of the IT/InfoSec team to report mis-classified
DNS filtering. This information is important for transparency and also to ease unblocking a legitimate domain name that got blocked due to wrong classification.
: This field is structured as an array of contact URIs
(e.g., 'tel' {{?RFC3966}} or 'sips' {{?RFC5630}}). At least one contact URI MUST be

> included.

Reviewer: we need text to say that only "mail", "sips" and "tel" URI schemes will be allowed by this specification and an IANA registry with specification required will be required to allow new URI schemes. This way new schemes can be created without bis document.

To minimize impact of active on-path attacks on the DNS channel, the
client validates the response as described in {{client-processing}}.

> If the client can display an error page to the end-user, it MUST generate the error page. The "c," "j," and "o" fields MUST NOT be used to display an error page.

Author: ```suggestion
If the client can display an error page to the end-user, it MUST generate the error page. The "c," "j", and "o" fields MUST NOT be used to display an error page.
```

> If the client can display an error page to the end-user, it MUST generate the error page. The "c," "j," and "o" fields MUST NOT be used to display an error page.

Author: Not sure to get what is the purpose of:

"If the client can display an error page to the end-user, it MUST generate the error page"

Reviewer: I will remove this line.

Author: > I will remove this line.

Thanks, Tiru

New JSON names are registered via IETF Review ({{Section 4.8 of !RFC8126}}).

> ## New Registry for Contact URI scheme {#IANA-Contact}

Author: ```suggestion
## New Registry for Contact URI Scheme {#IANA-Contact}
```

> This document requests IANA to create a new registry, entitled "Contact URI schemes"

Author: ```suggestion
This document requests IANA to create a new registry, entitled "Contact URI Schemes"
```

under "Domain Name System (DNS) Parameters, Extended DNS Error Codes"

> registry {{IANA-DNS}}. The registration request for a new Contact URI scheme MUST include the

Author: ```suggestion
registry {{IANA-DNS}}. The registration request for a new Contact URI scheme has to include the
```

> registry {{IANA-DNS}}. The registration request for a new Contact URI schemes MUST include the

Author: ```suggestion
registry {{IANA-DNS}}. The registration request for a new Contact URI scheme MUST include the
```

following fields:

* Name: URI scheme name.

> * Meaning: Provides a short description of the sub-error.

Author: ```suggestion
* Meaning: Provides a short description of the scheme.
```

> * Reference: Provides a pointer to an IETF-approved specification that registered

Author: ```suggestion
* Reference: Provides a pointer to an IETF-approved specification that defines
```

>   the contact URI scheme.

Author: ```suggestion
  the URI scheme.
```

* Change Controller: Indicates the person or entity, with contact information if appropriate.

The Contact URI scheme registry is initially be populated with the
following schemes:

| Name      | Meaning           | Reference     | Change Controller |
|:---------:|:------------------|:-------------:|:-----------------:|
| sips      | SIP Call           | {{!RFC5630}} |     IETF          |
| tel       | Telephone Number   | {{!RFC3966}} |     IETF          |
| mailto    | Internet mail      | {{!RFC6068}} |     IETF          |

> {: #reg-contact='Initial Contact URI schemes Registry'}

Author: ```suggestion
{: #reg-contact='Initial Contact URI Schemes Registry'}
```
